contributing: make expected behavior clearer (#3168)
ansible-collections/community.general: CONTRIBUTING.md

Also, consider taking up a valuable, reviewed, but abandoned pull request which you could politely ask the original authors to complete yourself.

* Try committing your changes with an informative but short commit message.

> * Don't squash your commits and force-push to your branch if not needed. Reviews of your pull request are much easier with individual commits to comprehend the pull request history. All commits of your pull request branch will be squashed into one commit by the team upon merge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not squash your commits and force-push to your branch if not needed. Reviews of your pull request are much easier with individual commits to comprehend the pull request history. All commits of your pull request branch will be squashed into one commit by GitHub upon merge.
```
